---
layout: post
title:  "Not that Uber - Uncle Uber’s in Dallas, TX"
author: ryan
categories: [ Texas, Dallas, restaurant ]
image: assets/images/122317uber/uber_cover.jpg
description: "Wild West? More like wild sandwiches."
published: true
---

So Texas really has come a long way since the wild Wild West stereotype took over Hollywood - especially in Dallas.

{% include image.html url="/assets/images/122317uber/uber_karen.jpg" description="Karen Sculley, 16, despises Dallas nightlife." %}

“There’s nothing to do here if you’re not old enough to drink,” Karen Sculley said. As a 16 year old high school student, she says she is frequently bored by the atmosphere. Her brother bears a more spiteful opinion.

“Dallas fucking sucks,” said Chris Sculley. “I fucking hate this place,” he said while weaving in and out of traffic, almost as if he was deliberately trying to kill me, his sister and his twin friends.  

So what did I eat that night in Dallas: the asphalt? Whataburger? Steak? Well I actually ate a burger from Uncle Uber’s on Deep Ellum - a highly gentrified area of Dallas.

How gentrified?

Well we can start off with all those hipster-looking barber shops with some sort of mustache in the logo. Then we can look at the plant shop that sold plants with the cute glass roll up garage door. Then direct your attention to the myriad Thai, burger and various other restaurants with chalkboard lettering. Oh, and none of these are chains. They’re all mom and pop. But in the streets defense, it’s a pretty nice place. I felt safe there at all times and to be honest I was really digging the aesthetic. Sometimes the cutesy neon signs really do their magic - casting a happy and delightful glow over our little group as we are some pie over at the Pie Emporium. But that’s not what I’m here to talk about. Today you’re here to read about a restaurant named Uncle Uber’s.

Which has a pretty eclectic collection of sandwiches.

{% include image.html url="/assets/images/122317uber/uber_burger.jpg" description="my burger" %}

So the first time around, I decided to order a double-burger with pepper jack cheese which didn’t really look like the double burgers at home (read: Double-Double at In n Out). That wasn’t really enough for me, so when I looked back at the menu I saw something really peculiar.

The Pork Bun Me.

Bun Me?

I kinda assumed it was a play on Bahn Mi and rolled with it because I was still really hungry and I wanted to get something that wasn’t actually a burger. Bahn mi kep is a Vietnamese sandwich usually served on some baguette like a sub with some sort of meat and usually with cilantro, daikon and carrots, and a lot of places in the Bay Area sell it. The one I know that I like the most is Lee’s Sandwiches with multiple locations in the Bay, but there are probably others that I don’t know about that are of better or equal quality.

{% include image.html url="/assets/images/122317uber/uber_bunme.jpg" description="My pork bun me." %}

So I got the Pork Bun Me with fries and it was very interesting. They went the more ornamental route and just layered the veggies on top of the meat, making it almost impossible to bite down on as a whole. In that first bite the bread is obviously there, then there’s some nice juicy pork, and then this mouthful of leaves. That are kinda spicy and sour. So if that’s not your jam you might not want to try this. If you’re allergic to cilantro read the following: STAY AWAY FROM THIS SANDWICH. But that’s only if you’re allergic to cilantro.

If you want my opinion, it’s that if you’re gonna try banh mi, do it somewhere where it’s made by Vietnamese people. Uncle Uber’s has obviously a very interesting take on the usual banh mi, and I will stick by my previous sentence: Banh mi? Maybe not here.
