---
layout: post
title:  "Not the same! – Bu Yi Yang in Taipei, Taiwan"
author: ryan
categories: [ Taiwan, restaurant ]
image: assets/images/061518buyiyang/buyiyang_meal.jpg
description: "A nice lamb-themed restaurant hidden away on a hilltop."
rating: 4.5
---

So the name of this restaurant deserves some merit – it’s pronounced bu yi yang (yong), which typically means “not the same.” Instead, these guys decided to pun it up and replace the normal character for yang with the one for “sheep.” Because they sell lamb!

Okay that explanation was a little rough.

Nestled near Bitan Scenic Area in Taipei, this lamb spot is on the side of winding road lined with numerous other lamb restaurants and has a really nice scenic view overlooking the river – definitely a plus. When I walked into the restaurant, I came in through the kitchen. Which is apparently where everyone is supposed to enter through. So while the outside looks a little dirty and run down, the inside does not disappoint too much. You have the option to sit at plastic tables that have convection heating circles to heat the bowls of lamb soup as well as wooden ones covered with natural light spilling in from the large window that offered the view to the outside world.

Though it wasn’t some high class place, I’m going to say that aesthetically this is one of my favorite restaurants. It has enough janky exposed light switches mixed in with beautiful natural lighting and pleasant wood tables that it really makes me feel calm. Everything from the lush green of the trees in the valley to the soft light spilling in to the murmur of the lamb soup boiling just lets me sink and really enjoy the meal.

My history with lamb is kinda rocky – if I eat too much the smell gets to me and I somehow feel like getting sick. But when these guys cooked their lamb, I couldn’t smell the pungent odor of cooked lamb. In fact, I didn’t even notice that I couldn’t smell until I was halfway through the clear lamb soup. Each bite of lamb was nice and tender, with the barbeque lamb being nice, sweet and chewy. The stinky tofu was a little strange in my opinion, but that’s probably just because I’m more used to the fried version.

Last but not least were the sufficiently oily and pungent garlic noodles. I had ordered the clear lamb broth, so this offered a little spice in my meal. As I slurped up the oily noodles, I noticed that while they tasted like garlic, the garlicky smell wasn’t floating throughout the restaurant. Guess these guys just manage their odors really well or something!

To be honest, if I was gonna bring some friends to Taiwan, I would definitely bring them here during sunset or even the middle of the day. Even though it was cloudy when I went, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and it definitely didn’t take away from the view. So overall? 8/10 would visit again.
