---
layout: post
title:  "Ode to Purdue: Wiley Dining Court"
author: ryan
categories: [ Purdue, Wiley, Food, College ]
image: https://www.dropbox.com/s/7wuy7i3gewzog9g/IMG_0317_Original.jpg?raw=1
description: "My god this place had food so bad I haven't taken a single pic of it."
published: true
rating: 1
---

Looking back at my four years at Purdue, I can think about a lot of the food that I ate. Countless meals at Wiley Dining Court, endless gyros at the now-defunct Captain Gyros late after print nights, quick bites at Panda Express for lunch and the once-in-a-blue-moon meals at Triple XXX burger.

But of them all, I have fond memories of eating on-campus food with my friends late at night, grabbing sandwiches in the morning and getting my grind on with the 13 meal plan.

This is the beginning of a series of blog posts where I reminisce about the good old days of college food, covering everything from dining courts and coffee shops to the eventual apartment cooking I did.

Sitting at a large cylindrical table, I waited for my friend Alisa to walk in for breakfast. Next to me was our friend Alex, who was fairly certain Alisa would show up at the designated time of 9 a.m.

I bet otherwise as I sipped my dining court coffee that I had just pumped into the off-white mug, as I sat underneath the morning light beaming in from the north-facing floor-to-ceiling windows. An omelette covered in salsa sat in a red pan-shaped plate, with my discarded number sitting nearby.

That is one of my strongest memories of Wiley Dining Court.

For the two years I lived in on-campus housing, I lived in Wiley. Located on Martin Jischke — and more importantly, across the street from the gym — I had easy access to the “meat focused” dining court at Purdue.

Day after day, lunch after lunch and dinner after dinner I would find myself at Wiley Dining Court, walking to the salad side to grab some lettuce and line up for whatever American food was on the other side of the half-moon food bar.

Before you even enter the dining court, you stand in this long line that zig zags across the mudroom, where a lady will ask you to swipe your Purdue ID.

That line. I remember waiting to enter Wiley for what seemed like forever with my friend Noah and my other friend Nicole. Eventually I started learning the peak times for the most-accessible dining court (if it starts with 12 or 6 you're screwed). The most interesting part about waiting in line was listening in on other peoples’ conversations. Everything from relationship trouble to complaining about professors was discussed in those lines while we all waited in the heat or the cold.

At times, the line stretched all the way out the door, into the biting cold or the hot sweltering air of Indiana. When you got to the door to enter the waiting room, you had two options: prop the door open with your entire body or just let it close and open it when the time came. The door was your best friend and your worst enemy. Enslaved  to the will of passersby, the poor hunk of metal flew open at random intervals before gently, but firmly, closing itself shut.

But once the guardian of Wiley Dining Court granted you access after confirming you swiped correctly, the senses were met with glistening and juicy (and lowkey kinda raw) meat floating out of the burning ovens. The choice of protein varied by day and week, as did the amount of salmonella. Some days it would’ve been quicker to buy some jerky from Tark Mart, other days you may as well have bought chewing gum.

Though meat was one of the more popular zones, the southeast corner definitely took the cake. The food rotated daily, bringing food from China, India and Ohio to our plates. I have particularly fond memories of eating steaming hot butter chicken and rice onto my shiny red plate, which I would have picked from the alcove beneath the buffet. The dumplings too, populated my diet when they came around.

None were a match for the chicken tenders.

These things were dry as hell I have no idea why anyone would want to eat them. They were, effectively, blocks of crunchy bread with some chicken in the middle. They were never raw, always cooked to their Saharan standard. But good god they were popular. At times, the line would stretch all the way back to the meat section for these poultry bricks. Right next to the chicken tenders, they would put these squirt bottles of sauce that you’d cover your tenders in.

Other popular dishes included the mac and cheese, which was really interesting. Sometimes there was fish (my favorite) and sometimes there were gyros. It called something relating to a worldwide kitchen, which made it especially funny when the chicken tenders came out.

The underrated star of the corner was the potato gems. There was a point where I knew the actual name for the small, cylindrical hash browns but I am past that part of my life. I only know these as potato gems and if someone knows the name for these please let me know.

One thing I need to point out here is that none of this food was particularly good. They were edible, and arguably had nutrients. Barring the cookies, the only reason I ate here was because it was right next to my dorm room.

And (since no blog post reminiscing about college is complete without this) because of my friends. The tables were large enough to accommodate all my friends at any given time and there was enough variation in the size of tables where any number of people could eat together.

I remember eating breakfasts with Noah, dinners with the calculus squad, lunches with Nicole, post-yoga dinners with Nicole and post-workout breakfasts with Leo.

College meals really ain’t shit without your friends.
The few times I had to dine alone were pretty miserable experiences. I would probably be seen wolfing down whatever greens I had picked up while binging another episode of Gintama or Boruto.

Speaking of dining alone, there were certain ways to dine alone. At best, you could sit alone at one of the tables for two. At worst (if you were that person) you would be sitting by yourself with your backpack at a table for four.

If you’re just starting Purdue at a time that comes after coronavirus. PLEASE. Do not be this person. I beg of you. No one person is important enough to take about four seats at a time. And if you truly want to be alone, choose a different location. If you do this, a group of two may just end up asking to sit at your table especially if it’s at a peak time.

Wow this discussion really steered away from the food.

Anyway, it’s about time to end this rant about Wiley Dining Court. Thank you to the countless coffees, pounds of protein and tons of tendies I ate there.

You will not be missed.
